I got We Were Here Forever as a gift from my friend.

I played the previous installments of We Were Here and I'm really happy to see the evolution of this series so far, because the devs not just made some pretty good puzzles in WWH Forever, which are all different and have their own gimmick and also you don't need any kind of outer knowledge to solve them, because you get every information from the game, but also the scenery of the story and the sound design got a lot better, too. The overall experience was pretty good, until the end where the story got a sudden and bit disappointing ending, which also confused me about what really happened. There were some performance issues too on certain places for a few seconds, but that's a lesser problem.

This is a pretty good coop puzzle game, where you need to give the proper information and teamwork to solve them, but I feel like the devs just ran out of time at the end and this is why the last part of the game is weird. Still, this is pretty good one to play.
If we take some of the puzzles from Limbo, add the graphics from Little Nightmares and spice it up with some awesome 2D to 3D transitions, you get DARQ. I like the visuals of this game, which is uncanny at some point, but not too scary at all. The game is a 2D puzzle platformer which uses the 3D areas as multiple 2D fields. The puzzles are not too difficult and most of them are different from each other. Music and the sounds are pretty good and fitting to the game. My only real complaint is the length, because the main game is not longer than 2-3 hours and even with the two free DLCs you only get around half an hour of bonus content, if you don't aim to get all of the achievements.

16.8€ is expensive for this one due to it's length, but I think if you can get it around 5€ and play the two DLCs, it will worth it. It's an all right game for sure.
I got We Were Here Forever as a gift from my friend.

I played the previous installments of We Were Here and I'm really happy to see the evolution of this series so far, because the devs not just made some pretty good puzzles in WWH Forever, which are all different and have their own gimmick and also you don't need any kind of outer knowledge to solve them, because you get every information from the game, but also the scenery of the story and the sound design got a lot better, too. The overall experience was pretty good, until the end where the story got a sudden and bit disappointing ending, which also confused me about what really happened. There were some performance issues too on certain places for a few seconds, but that's a lesser problem.

This is a pretty good coop puzzle game, where you need to give the proper information and teamwork to solve them, but I feel like the devs just ran out of time at the end and this is why the last part of the game is weird. Still, this is pretty good one to play.
It's honestly insane that this game is 7 years old now... for me it feels like it came out just yesterday.

Easy to get into, hard to master it gameplay, awesome soundtrack and mood, great graphics and quiet addictive. With a bit of luck you can still play some matches in multiplayer which reminds me of Quake, and that's pretty neat. However sometimes I encountered enemies walking through rails and textures, sometimes when I'm standing too close to wall I can see through the map, but it's not too bad. If you haven't played this one for whatever reason and want to feel some fast paces FPS action, then search no more, and get this one.
The game has a fun gameplay idea and a good enough theme with a superb soundtrack, however the progression can be annoying due to some of the usefulness of the stats and to some inconsistency in the game.

For example: damage stat would make my shots more stronger, however all of the enemies (with the exception of the boss) needs an exact number of hits to kill, so the damage really doesn't affect anything in my opinion, except the boss, because that enemy has a health bar, which does get effected by this stat, however what's the point to build this stat to the last wave if you can die easily with it in any other wave before that?

Or, some of the abilities you can unlock can change your previous upgrades and basically downgrade you, however if you would get them in a different order, you can get both of them just all right.

And there are some other gameplay mechanics, which works differently as expected, in my opinion. So yeah, the game is not perfect and it can be difficult too if you don't know what you should upgrade, but for free game, it's okay especially with the soundtrack in my opinion.
Even though this game is not looking up to date, the base gameplay could feel flat and some mechanics are annoying to play with, but the overall game is challenging and still (surprisingly) playable in multiplayer. This is a simplified multiplayer team shooter, with class system. There is no perks, item drops at the end or cool weapon skins, and because of this the game could be a "fresh air to feel", comparing to the games nowadays.

It can be difficult to get used to the game, I think if you can get this one less than 0.5€ and don't mind it's age and get some friends to play with you (just in case), you can still have decent fun with this one.
This is indeed a great party game, a hidden gem really. The idea is good, trying to find the perfect strategy for either to your group and trying to negotiate with others is fun, or as playing as a king is quite exciting. There are also good amount of encounters to play, so you can keep playing it over and over again.

My only complain is, because there are 3 factions to play with, you need around 10 people to have a good, balanced game, however this game shines more, if there are more people playing it. Also, if players leaving the game and for example making certain factions to have less players, would make the round unbalanced, because of the numbers game.

Either way, the game definitely worth it, it's not difficult to play and a round can take around 40 - 60 minutes, and you can even continue the whole story line of your last round. Get it for sure, worth every cent!
If you get over the fact, that you need to do some troubleshooting to play this game without freezes and lags, then you get a game with an interesting universe and awesome atmosphere. It can be challenging and annoying on certain levels, but it's still enjoyable in my opinion. The devs could have expanded the ideas and the length of the game, but all in all, Metro 2033 is pretty fun game and worth the time to play it through at least once.
Midnight Ghost is a hide and seek game, where ghost hunters try to locate and defeat ghosts in different haunted locations, who transformed to different items, meanwhile both parties have to work together for the victory.

The game itself is simple and understandable, the soundtrack is pretty good and the controls are fine.

However, from the trailer I expected more game elements. Even though the different type of abilities can make the game more interesting or you can still help your team if you died, but it didn't caught my attention at all. The graphics doesn't look bad, but it's nothing particular or outstanding, which would make this game more distinguishable. But probably the biggest issue for me, is the small player base, as I tried to play with one of my friend on a Friday afternoon in EU and there were no player to play against. The game itself has around 20 - 80 players through a day, which is pretty low, so it seems like there are not many player in EU I guess, so if you playing in a low number region, you won't have much fun with bots, I can tell you that.

For me, this game was a big miss and I think it's not populated enough and interesting to me at all, however I can understand that it can be fun after some playtime or with a good group, but it just doesn't works for me. I can't recommend to get this game for 20€, except if you find at least 3 other players to play with and the game has a 75% discount, that would be all right, but there are better alternative for some team based gaming in my opinion.